added akeyless_associate_role_auth_method resource (#15)
akeyless-community/terraform-provider-akeyless: docs/resources/k8s_auth_config.md

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "akeyless_k8s_auth_config Resource - terraform-provider-akeyless"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  K8S Auth config
---

# akeyless_k8s_auth_config (Resource)

K8S Auth config

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **access_id** (String) The access ID of the Kubernetes auth method
- **name** (String) K8S Auth config name

### Optional

- **config_encryption_key_name** (String) Encrypt K8S Auth config with following key
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **k8s_ca_cert** (String) Base-64 encoded certificate to use to call into the kubernetes API
- **k8s_host** (String) The URL of the kubernetes API server

> - **k8s_issuer** (String) The Kubernetes JWT issuer name. If not set, kubernetes/serviceaccount will use as an issuer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **k8s_issuer** (String) The Kubernetes JWT issuer name. If not set, kubernetes/serviceaccount will be used as an issuer.
```
